I have a vision. I will make World’s Best Video Editing Software Ever. Nothing give or Take. Just the best only would do. I will create a legend that will spread its wings across the cities, countries, boundaries and unite creators like anything. The World will see a new wave of creators who will build content never seen before. Movies will be completed in record timelines. Editing would be so easy that one would edit in a blink of an eye. Whenever a prospective director, youtuber, actor wants to build a new concept or movie, all they need to worry is shooting , acting, human angle of the content as Vivido will make everything else so easy that they wont even tap an eyelid. We would not create a Category Reframe. We wont do a Brand Referesh. We would do a Business Breakthrough. We will file patents on new technologies in our company for Video Production. Vivido will make sure anyone can now make a movie or a youtube video or even a TV Series or even Animation Movies in a way they were never built before. We will combine the power of all softwares in one SuperHero concept. This will not be a software, it would be a creators movement. It would revolutionize the industry in ways never imagined before. These are not big dialogues or words. These are manifestation towards reality. I have had failures in my life with not executing anythnig properly to not seeing anything to completion. But not this- this is part of who I really am. I am a Creative Technology Professional who creates technology content for humanity. I am a trained actor, a trained movie direction, a trained video editor and a cinematographer who will combine all his prowess and skills into this and puts everything he has learnt in it. I have been a serial innovator for decade and a half now creating innovations in every industry, ranging from creating Blue Ocean products, Differentiated Technology, Disruptive Innovation, to creating Great Designed products. 
This is the time I put all in. Lets forget everything else. All the past ideas, ADAM- the robot, AIRPORT - the phone, VIVIDRON - the edtech company, ATOG - cofounder relations, CADENCE / COGNIFY - work that is just a job and not an end goal, MORNING COMPANY - that’s really not me. Lets forget all of that towards this one BIG GOAL now.  In parallel I build my youtube channel as one of the perfect destinations to test it and start building content that is not just picturesque but also cinematic and create it fast with existing combination of best softwares . And then once I build Vivido, I do all my youtube videos and movies with Vivido only.